<quotes>
Be nifty.
The most successful people in life recognize, that in life they create their own love, they manufacture their own meaning, they generate their own motivation. --N. Tyson
We found each other in the cosmos, and that was wonderful. --A. Druyan
We avoid taking risks in life only to make it safely to death.
No one looks back and remembers the nights they got enough sleep.
Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened. --Dr. Seuss
In the end, it's not going to matter how many breaths you took, but how many moments took your breath away.
We were born too late to explore our world and too early to explore the next.
I always wonder why birds choose to stay in the same place when they can fly anywhere on the earth, then I ask myself the same question. --Harun Yahya
To give anything less than your best is to sacrifice the gift. -S. Prefontaine
There is more starlight in the daytime than in the nightime.
Not knowing where you're going is the best way to get somewhere you've never been.
Sometimes it seems like we spend half of our lives trying to forget the best memories we've ever had, only to spend the other half trying to replicate them.
We cannot count, cannot even properly imagine, the number of perspectives and variety of experiences offered by existence.
Isn't it strange that evolution would give us a sense of humour? --Calvin
That's one of the remarkable things about life. It's never so bad that it can't get worse. --Calvin
I never had any friends later on like the ones I had when I was twelve... does anyone? --Stand By Me
This is not the darkest timeline.
When you're happy, you enjoy the music. But, when you're sad, you understand the lyrics. --F. Ocean
See a problem, solve a problem.
Question everything.
Everyone you will ever meet knows something you don't. --B. Nye
A reader lives a thousand lives before he dies. The man who never reads lives only one. --J. Reed
It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live. --A. Dumbledore
Life moves pretty fast. If you don't stop and look around once in a while, you can miss it. --F. Beuller
Be who you are and say what you mean. Those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind. --Dr. Seuss
Hello, Darkness, my old friend. I've come to talk with you again. Because a vision softly creeping left its seeds while I was sleeping. And the vision, that was planted in my brain withing the sound of silence.
You cannot do much about the length of your life, but you can do a lot about its depth and width. --Japanese Delfonics
I have never let my schooling interfere with my education. --M. Twain
I have loved the stars too fondly to be fearful of the night. --S. Williams
Never wait for the perfect moment. --Unknown
Isn't it funny how day by day nothing changes but, when we look back everything is different. --C.S Lewis
A society grows great when old men plants trees whose shade they know they shall never sit in. --Greek proverb
Act quickly, think slowly. --Greek proverb
If you want something you've never had, then you've got to do something you've never done before. --Everest
There's no way I can single-handedly save the world or, perhaps, even make a perceptible difference - but how ashamed I would be to let a day pass without making one more effort. --I. Asimov
Inspiration is like fresh fruit or milk: It has an expiration date. If you want to do something, you've got to do it now. You can't put it on a shelf and wait two months to get around to it. --J. Fried
It takes sacrifice to make something great. In order to shift your mindset and experiment with ideas, you have to choose a new path. You have to change your paradigm from consumption to creation. --P. Jarvis
I am average in a galaxy of incalculable talent. --L. Noss
All of us want to do well. But if we do not do good, too, then doing well will never be enough. --A. Quindlen
Have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. --S. Jobs
It is often said that before you die your life passes before your eyes. This is in fact true. It's called living. --T. Pratchett
Getting older is amazing. The terrifying part is the pace of it all. Years start to run and you realize why everybody says life is short. --Carpathicus
Proper planning and preparation prevents poor performance. --S. Keague
Create the moment, and share the memory. --J. O'brien
It's funny, how we can be surrounded by people, and still feel so lonely. --E. Hannon
If no one comes from the future to stop you from doing it, how bad of a decision can it really be?
Some people are so poor, all they have is money.
We are all background characters in somebody else's life story.
You gravitate toward people who are like you. But the kind of relationships you see in movies—-that's impossible for me... in terms of having one of those great, bonding friendships—-that's something I will probably never have. And it's not some smug thing. It's a weakness. It's a weakness. --K. Bryant
To succeed, you must love the mission. Money is just the scoreboard. --M. Saxena
The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why. --M. Twain
The pioneers get the arrows and the settlers get the land. --Anonymous
When you talk, you are only repeating what you already know. But if you listen, you man learn something new. --D. Lama
How lucky I am to have something that makes saying goodbye so hard. --A. Milne
We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light. --Unknown
If you have it in your power to do something great and important and wonderful, then you should. --R. Zubrin
That the only thing that really matters in life are your relationships to other people. --G. Vaillant
The idea is to die young as late as possible. --A. Montagu
Sometimes the wrong choices bring us to the right places. --
Things we lose have a way of coming back to us in the end, if not always in the way we expect. --L. Lovegood
Suicide doesn't end the pain; it just passes it on to someone else. --
It's so strange that autumn is so beautiful; yet everything is dying. --
Die with memories, not dreams.
Every person sees the world in a unique way. When someone dies it is, in a way, the death of an entire world.
If nothing matters, then you get to decide what to care about.
Life is just one long effort to keep from getting bored. --J. Seinfeld
We thought of life by analogy with a journey, a pilgrimage, which had a serious purpose at the end, and the thing was to get to that end, success or whatever it is, maybe heaven after you’re dead. But we missed the point the whole way along. It was a musical thing and you were supposed to sing or to dance while the music was being played. --A. Watts
Man. Because he sacrifices his health in order to make money. Then he sacrifices money to recuperate his health. And then he is so anxious about the future that he does not enjoy the present; the result being that he does not live in the present or the future; he lives as if he is never going to die, and then dies having never really lived. --
I arise in the morning torn between a desire to improve (or save) the world and a desire to enjoy (or savor) the world. --E.B. White
Without struggle, there is no progress. --M. Tyson
Great things come from great pain. --T. Perkins
To decide whether life is worth living is to answer the fundamental question of philosophy. --A. Camus
Art is long, and Time is fleeting. --H. W. Longfellow
Ars longa, vita brevis. ("skilfulness takes time and life is short") --Hippocrates
Life is short, Art eternal. --Greek Order
If knowledge is power then to be unknown is to be unconquerable. --A. Romulan
Be ashamed to die until you have won some victory for humanity. --H. Mann
</quotes>

rotating carousel slider fixed width
new favicon
cross browser compatibility (IE, firefox, mobile)
periodic table HIEu footer
project categories
